---
title: "A good day"
date: 2010-07-27 12:00:00
tags: [杂谈]
published: true
hideInList: false
feature: 
---
I had a nice conversation with Isabel today, actually, she taught me the
concept of how to use the photoes I took to make an album and some basic steps
to use indisign to make a photography book.

The concept is about gathering a bunch of pictures under a certain topic, and
try to put the series of pictures in an order that creates a certain kind of
relationship between one photo with its former one and the latter one. This
relationship could be a sharp contrast, cooperation, or any other methods that
could deliver the series in a impressing way.

She set some examples for me. It really differed a lot when she told me how to
organise those pictures in an order, and this time the method is sharp
contrast, and the theme is the vision of China in the eye of a 22 year old
Chinese young man.

We did about a third about the picture she selected. The problem is that I did
not prepare the pictures in a good manner, either not a right size or, with a
ugly logo. I need to change that behavior.

Thank you Isabel.

and I remember yesterday when she looked at my picture, she said that my
portraits are bad, to fake. I have to say that I follow a trend by mistake. I
do need natural things. She said some of my pictures are really nice, and she
amazed me by commenting that some of the pictures that I think ordinary is
highly praized, something that I know nothing of is in her concept.
